Cretzman multiple bugs 01 17 2023 (#379)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-execution/cd-general-steps/run-jenkins-jobs-in-cd-pipelines.md

> For Harness to capture Jenkins environment variables, your Jenkins configuration requires the [EnvInject Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/EnvInject+Plugin). The plugin does not provide full compatibility with the Pipeline Plugin. See [Known Incompatibilities](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/EnvInject+Plugin#EnvInjectPlugin-Knownincompatibilities) from Jenkins.Harness captures certain environment variables from the Jenkins build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Harness to capture Jenkins environment variables, your Jenkins configuration requires the [EnvInject Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/EnvInject+Plugin). The plugin does not provide full compatibility with the Pipeline plugin. See [Known Incompatibilities](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/EnvInject+Plugin#EnvInjectPlugin-Knownincompatibilities) from Jenkins. Harness captures certain environment variables from the Jenkins build.
```

The following list shows examples of the environment variables and the expressions you can use to reference them:

* **Job Status:** `<+execution.steps.[step_Id].build.executionStatus>`
* **Job URL:** `<+execution.steps.[step_Id].build.jobUrl>`
* **Build number:** `<+execution.steps.[step_Id].build.buildNumber>`
* **Build display name:** `<+execution.steps.[step_Id].build.buildDisplayName>`
* **Full build display name:** `<+execution.steps.[step_Id].build.buildFullDisplayName>`

Here's a sample script 

```
echo "Job Status:" <+execution.steps.Jenkins_Build.build.executionStatus>
echo "Job URL:" <+execution.steps.Jenkins_Build.build.jobUrl>
echo "Build number:" <+execution.steps.Jenkins_Build.build.buildNumber>
echo "Build display name:" <+execution.steps.Jenkins_Build.build.buildDisplayName>
echo "Full build display name:" <+execution.steps.[step_Id].build.buildFullDisplayName>
```

:::note

If you are using [step groups](../../cd-technical-reference/cd-gen-ref-category/step-groups.md) the expressions must include the step group Ids also.

For example, `<+execution.steps.[step group Id].steps.[step Id].build.jobUrl>`.

:::

> You can reference this Job information is subsequent steps in your pipeline or another Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reference this Job information in subsequent steps in your pipeline or in another pipeline.
```

> To reference it in another pipeline, you would use the full pipeline path to the build information. For example, `<+pipeline.stages.[stage_Id].spec.execution.steps.[step_Id].build.executionStatus>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reference the Job information in another pipeline, use the full pipeline path to the build information. For example, `<+pipeline.stages.[stage_Id].spec.execution.steps.[step_Id].build.executionStatus>`.
```

> To reference the Job information in another pipeline, use the full pipeline path to the build information. For example, `<+pipeline.stages.[stage_Id].spec.execution.steps.[step_Id].build.executionStatus>`.

Reviewer 2: This is to reference in another stage of the same pipeline, not in another pipeline.
